# refactored-octo-palm-tree-C
You are required to write a C program that will calculate the following: Perimeter: Square, Rectangle, Triangle, Circle. Area: Square, Rectangle, Triangle, Circle. Volume: Cube, Rectangular Prism, Triangular Pyramid, Sphere. DETAILS Your program must allow the user to choose whether they want to calculate the Perimeter, Area or Volume. Provide a menu. Once they’ve chosen their calculation from the Perimeter, Area or Volume menu your program must provide a menu with the available geometric shapes in the corresponding option. You must provide a menu again. Your program must ask the user for the appropriate measurements needed to perform the calculations. Don’t forget to validate the user’s input. Make sure that user knows the units in which the calculations are performed and display the units in the final result. You are free to use your own measuring units. Your program should print the result of the calculations to 2 decimal places. Make sure that your formulae use the correct data type to give the correct result. The user must be able to make as many calculations as he wishes. Your program must include a user define library and must have the following 4 user defined functions: float validateInput(float userInput); //returns the userInput corrected if invalid , otherwise makes no corrections float perimeterSquare(float length); //returns the perimeter of a square with a given length float areaSquare(float length); //returns the area of a square with a given length float volumeSquare(float length); //returns the volume of a square or cube with a given length You will add at least 3 more user defined functions. Your source code must be readable and maintainable as possible by including meaningful comments, proper indentation, meaningful variable identifiers, constants, etc. 
